create this Github repository

That Time I was Reincarnated as a Slime (anime) (seasons 1 and 2)

Jujutsu Kaisen (anime) (season 1)

Create and link my Discord to aggregator sites

July 2022: todos
  I learned that a big part of my issues with todos was prioritizing. I used a 1-3 points system at the start, but I eventually changed it to one
     where I earn more points per each day that I don't complete it (It's not perfect, but it does spur me towards todos that I'm not fond of)
     Adding such a system was integral because I tend to do tons of useless todos instead of the actually important ones.
     I also started pacing out the todos with 2-6 per day instead of adding tons and tons of todos each day. It'd just become a mess of choices.
     I also segmented out my daily habits. By doing so, I was able to open up time in the morning for studying in a time where I would otherwise
      keep searching through my endless list of todos. It's also just really nice to have a reasonable list of habits and todos rather than a
      stress-inducing number of todos.
  Another big change was that I managed to finally get my media semi-under control.
    I've always had a pretty addictive personality when it comes to media. I'll just consume and consume if given a show with good cliff hangers.
    At first, I fought that tendency off by taking my media more seriously. I planned on making very serious notes on everything I watched or played
      so that I could remember it better for the future. The notes helped in slowing me down, but all it really did was push me towards reddit and youtube
      so that I could unwind without taking copious notes.
    My new solution is to use a manga or comic chapter as my little "pomodoro" break between serious activities. New comics can still cause trouble though
      so I always make sure to have a backup comic that I haven't read before in reserve so I can have fun without being excited about what's happening next
    For other media, I've linked it to minutes of show/movie:minutes of studying. I'm not in the middle of any addicting series so I haven't been able to
      test this one out as much yet.
    Another big key was that I still like taking notes and searching through TV tropes after finishing a series, but I've really calmed down on how strictly
      I write the notes. Instead of a plot summary, I'll more likely take down notes of what parts of the show I found most interesting or nonsensical.
    I made sure to narrow my flash cards down to one deck I'm improving passively. It's a lot more motivating to see me growing in one subject substantially
      than it is to see me moving along at a snail's pace in multiple decks.
    I tried out Japanesepod101 while driving around, but it didn't work out that great. I could maybe do it during a busier season, but I never had time for
      it after my normal podcasts.
      I also tried to download all the reviews and dialogues, but the reviews are just so slow compared to my text flash cards. I decided I'd just
      download the reivew, but I'd only really use it if I was having trouble with the main dialogue.
    I also improved my sleeping schedule a good bit.
      It's not perfect, but I changed up my alarms on Alarmy, and I also added some incentives to help me wake up in the morning and from naps.
